hello very good this is a video for the
channel of a lot of views of pc bots
we present you the mouse of mad catz m / m
we will make a boxing a bit of radio and
Well we show you the product
it is once open
we see that it has a pretty box
resistant
we see ourselves ensuring quite reliable
of resistance to the producer we see here
a little guide of what you have
characteristics
let's proceed to a boxing
as always by brands
well protected with a foam
well the contents of the box we find
the mouse that is with gold-plated cable
with a braided cable that improves
quite connectivity and now
we will talk more about mouse we continue with the
contents of the box
pretty fast user
that tells us about the software that we can
install on our computer to
better access to button commands
of the mouse we see the guarantee
with the players
laws
we'll see
here comes with accessories that come
To be
some types of stock
types of sides and now you
we will teach
we go with the mouse we teach well
they have many buttons
has to be exact 15 buttons
let's teach you well the
characteristics we remove the paper
it is a mouse that as its own name
indicates
m7 is indicated above all for games
Mo style
comes with preconfigured profiles of
world of warcraft
and it is ideal for all this type of games
we see that it has a button here
which squeeze and masters with the thumb
as with all of this
lateral that are here a button here another
here the most that are the classics of
navigation and here we see as a small
analog that has five buttons the
middle button left right up and
below we see here this buttons for
select the profiles that
we configure
this button also to forgive this
separate profiles that we signed this is
the country level and these two keys are
totally customizable through the
software provided by matt capps
for results we see also
that has a small tab here with
which we can change the healed
come 3
and what they differ in is these two
the difference is touch one is mate and
smooth and the other comes with a rough rubber
to improve grip
and this is the characteristic is that it is
higher as we can see well
we will put the one that is higher so that
you see well
it's very is very simple to put
just from behind
it counted and we can regulate
the height we put the formula from
here
everything is totally
this side of here we can also
configure we simply have here the
utensil to remove it
comes with 15 buttons in total
and we can put these edges just like that
it would be normal if it comes with one
that gives us support for the little finger
what would it be to put it here
very complete
here also a wheel
the base is aluminum what
It provides much much much
resistance to shock and to
goatherds that we can suffer many
gamers
and also with a system of weights the
which we access from behind
we will show you the mouse
we will also
the rope of 2
It is very easy to use a nut
screw
the utensil
the sensor the sensor is a laser sensor
that goes from 20 and if I'm not wrong to
we saved very attractive matt
and well up here the unboxing and a
little bit of the review of mad catz 17
thank you wrote h and see you in another
video